1405498406
Application	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
CreateLanguages	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/db/migrate/20140710103057_create_languages.rb	class CreateLanguages 
CreatePages	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/db/migrate/20140715065836_create_pages.rb	class CreatePages 
CreateWords	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/db/migrate/20140710110958_create_words.rb	class CreateWords 
Lang2	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/config/application.rb	module Lang2
Language	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/app/models/language.rb	class Language 
LanguageTest	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/test/models/language_test.rb	class LanguageTest 
LanguagesController	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/app/controllers/languages_controller.rb	class LanguagesController 
LanguagesControllerTest	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/test/controllers/languages_controller_test.rb	class LanguagesControllerTest 
LanguagesHelper	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/app/helpers/languages_helper.rb	module LanguagesHelper
LanguagesHelperTest	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/test/helpers/languages_helper_test.rb	class LanguagesHelperTest 
Page	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/app/models/page.rb	class Page 
PageTest	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/test/models/page_test.rb	class PageTest 
PagesController	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	class PagesController 
PagesControllerTest	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/test/controllers/pages_controller_test.rb	class PagesControllerTest 
PagesHelper	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/app/helpers/pages_helper.rb	module PagesHelper
PagesHelperTest	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/test/helpers/pages_helper_test.rb	class PagesHelperTest 
TestCase	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
Word	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/app/models/word.rb	class Word 
WordTest	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/test/models/word_test.rb	class WordTest 
WordsController	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/app/controllers/words_controller.rb	class WordsController 
WordsControllerTest	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/test/controllers/words_controller_test.rb	class WordsControllerTest 
WordsHelper	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/app/helpers/words_helper.rb	module WordsHelper
WordsHelperTest	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/test/helpers/words_helper_test.rb	class WordsHelperTest 
change	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/db/migrate/20140710103057_create_languages.rb	  def change
change	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/db/migrate/20140710110958_create_words.rb	  def change
change	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/db/migrate/20140715065836_create_pages.rb	  def change
create	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/app/controllers/words_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/app/controllers/languages_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/app/controllers/words_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/app/controllers/languages_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/app/controllers/words_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/app/controllers/languages_controller.rb	  def edit
index	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/app/controllers/words_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/app/controllers/languages_controller.rb	  def index
language_params	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/app/controllers/languages_controller.rb	    def language_params
new	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/app/controllers/words_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/app/controllers/languages_controller.rb	  def new
page_params	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	    def page_params
set_language	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/app/controllers/languages_controller.rb	    def set_language
set_page	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	    def set_page
set_word	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/app/controllers/words_controller.rb	    def set_word
show	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/app/controllers/words_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/app/controllers/languages_controller.rb	  def show
update	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/app/controllers/words_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/app/controllers/pages_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/app/controllers/languages_controller.rb	  def update
word_params	/home/gabor/Ruby/lang2/app/controllers/words_controller.rb	    def word_params
